Hello and welcome.
I'm Philipp Maier,
a course developer
with Google Cloud,
and this is a brief tutorial
on using Qwiklabs
in this course.
I'm about to show
you the interactive
hands-on labs platform
called Qwiklabs,
which is part of Google Cloud.
Qwiklabs allows you to get
practical hands-on experience
with Google Cloud and
provisions you with Google
account credentials so that
you can access the Cloud
console at no cost.
The first step is to log into
Coursera in an incognito Window.
Depending on your browser,
it might also be called
private browsing
or in private browsing.
Logging into Coursera from
a private Window
ensures that you don't
accidentally use your
own Google account
while accessing
the Cloud console.
We don't want you to get any
unexpected bills at
the end of the month.
Check out the links in
the download section of
this video for different
browser support articles.
Once logged into Coursera
using an incognito Window,
return to your course and go
to the lab activity page.
If prompted, you want to accept
the honor code and
enter your name.
Then click ''Open Tool'' to
open that lab in a new tab.
Within this new tab,
click ''Start Lab'' and wait for
the connection details to
be displayed on the left.
For each lab, you
will have a timer,
as you can see here,
with the remaining access time.
Your lab will automatically
end when the timer runs out.
Now you want to click
Open Google Console,
then sign in with
the username and
password provided in this
connection's detail page.
I'm going to grab the username
here and paste that in,
and this is going to be
different for each lab,
and then also grab the password
and paste that in there as well.
Now, Qwiklabs creates
a new account
for you each time
you launch a lab.
Therefore, you need
to click through
the initial account
setup Windows.
It's telling me I have
a new account here,
so I'm going to accept.
It's asking for a backup;
I don't need that; I'm
just going to confirm.
Once I am in the Cloud console,
I'm also going to have to
accept terms and services.
Let's just wait for
that to load up,
and then once I'm
in the account,
I can verify that I'm
using the right project,
and I'll show you
how to do that.
I'm just waiting for
the terms of service,
agree and then continue.
Up here, you can see
the current project
ID that I'm using.
It's a good thing to double
check that this project
ID actually matches what
you have in Qwiklabs.
We can see that here that
this is the same project ID.
In some labs, you actually
have multiple project IDs and
maybe even multiple
users if you're
trying to do specific
sharing between users,
or adding or removing
permissions, and so on.
Now I can also see that
my username in here is
not my actual email;
this is the account that
Qwiklabs created for me.
It's important to make sure
that these match, again,
the credentials that are in here
so that you're not
using your own account.
Now some labs track
your work within
the Qwiklabs provided
Google Cloud project.
If this is enabled, you
will see a score in
the top right corner of
the Qwiklabs Window,
as you can see here.
Now your score increases
as objectives are met,
and you can click
on the score to
view the individual
steps to be scored,
as you can see here right now.
I'm going to go complete
these and then come back.
Now that I have
completed the lab,
I can see my score
has been updated,
and I'm ready to click
End Lab and then
confirm with Okay.
I can now give this
some feedback,
and once I click End Lab,
the Qwiklabs'
provided project and
any resources within that
project will be deleted.
I can now close the
Qwiklabs' lab page.
Here I'm on the lab page,
and if I can scroll up,
you'll see that I have
successfully completed the lab.
If I go to the grades
section of the course,
you'll also see that I have
a full score for this lab.
That's it for this tutorial.
Remember to launch Coursera in
an incognito Window and use
the Qwiklabs
provided credentials
to sign into the Cloud console.
Good luck with the labs,
and enjoy the rest
of this course.